Update readme based on newest version (#60)
UBC-MDS/movielover_py: README.md

* Line chart: Average US revenue of a movie genre in the year will be shown by hovering over the point on the line. Moreover, users can select an interval to highlight a more specified period.
* Scatter plot: IMDB rating and duration of a movie will be shown by hovering over the point. Interval selection is also supported in the scatterplot to serve presentation needs.

Brief instruction of interactivity can be also found by clicking the popover button ("Tips") on the top right of the dashboard!

### App Description

> `Movie Lover` is a dashboard designed to help movie enthusiasts explore various information (depending on the filter constraints) about movies, such as the US gross revenue for different movies genres (in the bar chart), the relationship between runtime and rating (in the scatter plot), as well as trends of average gross revenue by genres in selected year range (in the line chart). Users can filter out the movies' release years using the slider bar underneath the landing page's title. Underneath the slider, there is a click box, where users can select the movies genres they are interested in. The bar chart and scatter plot will be shown on the right side above the line chart. A brief introduction regarding contributors and relevant links are positioned under movie criterions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Movie Lover` is a dashboard designed to help movie enthusiasts explore various information (depending on the filter constraints) about movies, such as the US gross revenue for different movies genres (in the bar chart), the relationship between runtime and rating (in the scatter plot), as well as trends of average gross revenue by genres in selected year range (in the line chart). Users can filter out the movies' release years using the slider bar underneath the landing page's title. Underneath the slider, there is a click box, where users can select the movies genres they are interested in. The bar chart and scatter plot will be shown on the right side above the line chart. A brief introduction including relevant links to source files and contributors is positioned under the slider in the sidebar.
```
everything else looks good! Thank you!
